chore: add readme for move package (#151)
MystenLabs/seal: move/seal/README.md

# Seal Package

> Seal is a decentralized secrets management (DSM) service that relies on access control policies defined and validated on [Sui](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/components). Application developers and users can use Seal to secure sensitive data at rest on decentralized storage like [Walrus](https://docs.wal.app/), or on any other onchain / offchain storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seal is a decentralized secrets management (DSM) service that enforces access control policies defined and validated on the [Sui](https://docs.sui.io/concepts/components) blockchain. It enables application developers and users to securely encrypt and manage access to sensitive data — whether stored on decentralized storage platforms like [Walrus](https://docs.wal.app/) or other onchain/offchain storage systems.
```

Author: maybe you meant to update this too? https://github.com/MystenLabs/seal/blob/986eeb6092abf96146544a4f92f3a687c2e06850/README.md

Reviewer: oops.. we can leave it as is for now - can change it along with some other doc PR.

Author: i revert it to match the main readme. feel free to edit in the future for both

> The Seal package includes the key server registry and decryption for Seal using Boneh-Franklin over BLS12-381 as KEM and Hmac256Ctr as DEM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Move package provides the core Seal functionality for:

- Registering and managing key servers
- Enforcing decryption policies
- Performing decryption using Boneh-Franklin key encapsulation (over BLS12-381) and HMAC-256-CTR as the data encapsulation mechanism (DEM)
```

> ## Published Envs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported environments
```

> Seal package is available in Testnet. To use it, add the following to your `Move.toml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seal is available available in Testnet. To use the package in your Move-based project, add the following to your `Move.toml`:
```
